---
title: 16/12/2019 TIL (Today I Leanrt)
permalink: /til/:year/:month/:day/:title/
tags: [TIL]
categories: TIL
---

# What I did today
- I started TIL(Today I Learnt) today and I will keep doing it during this vacation.
  (I hope so..)
  
- I created the github blog by remoting the theme which was minimal-mistakes. 
  Because it looks simple and its `README.md` was so nice but I still have a problem with the post page unfortunately.
  The theme was not applied to that page. It just looks "text chunk" :(
  
  This website super helped me to make the github blog: 
  https://dreamgonfly.github.io/2018/01/27/jekyll-remote-theme.html
  
  Also, I did not know that Google has fonts page and I learnt that I can use the website to upload the images.<br>
  [fonts.google](https://fonts.google.com/) <br>
  [imgur](https://imgur.com/)
  
  ps. Remoting theme was the easiest one of the ways to make blog for me.
  
 - I uploaded the instruction of Linear Algebra but I should connect Linear Algebra to the code.<br>
   [Linear Algebra](https://takealook00.github.io/linear%20algebra/la-intro/)
 
 # What I felt today
 - I just recognise that the number of commits is kind of important. But I did it so many times unnecessarily...even for checking          themes,which was actually given in `README.md`. I should read `README.md` carefully next time :(
 - I am a slow starter and it makes me bit anxious because I feel like I have to catch up many things..Even it took quite a long time to    create this blog..
 
 # What to do tomorrow
 - To study Real Analysis and Calculus(functions) part 1.
 - To understand the Edge Detection Tool(Java) codes.
 - To study RAC(Sequences and series) Week 1,2.
 
